%con001c
The configuration file listed was not read in because it was
a directory.
%con002c
The configuration file listed was not read in because it is
not owned by `root'.  This is to prevent someone from
modifying the configuration file.
%con003c
The configuration file listed was not read in because it is
writable by non-root users.  This is to prevent someone from
modifying the configuration file.
%con004c
Informational message describing which configuration files are
being used during the checks.
%con005c
Configuration files, specific to the type of system that `tiger' is being
run on, do not exist.  It may not be possible to perform all of the checks
due to the lack of certain files.  Some checks that are performed may
also generate incorrect or incomplete information.
%con006e
The indicated option was not recognized.  The valid options are:

   -B tiger_home     Specify tiger home directory

   -d directory      Specify directory to create security logs in

   -w directory      Specify directory to use for scratch files

   -e                Insert explanations into output

   -E                Generate separate explanation report

   -S                Perform partial checks of disk-less client

                     configuration files on server.
%con007c
Generic configuration files for this system do not exist.  The
checking system will continue on, attempting to locate items it
needs, and using default configuration files.  Many checks will
not be performed, and many that are attempted may function
incorrectly, generating incorrect output.
%con008e
Generic configuration files for this system do not exist.  The
checking system attempted to continue on, but could not locate
the default configuration files either.  This is an installation
problem.  It may be necessary to indicate the location of the
tiger files using the '-B' option.
%con009e
There doesn't exist a configuration variable or it is not properly
defined. Since the variable is needed for the module to run, it
will probably exit. This is a configuration problem. It is 
necessary to add the variable to the tigerrc configuration file.
%init001e
The indicated variable, which should specifies the pathname to a command,
does not have a value. This message should not appear on platforms
for which support is listed.  If it does appear, then for the missing
commands, if you know the name of the command, then simply place it
into the environment and rerun the checking system.

setenv AWK /usr/bin/awk

./tiger

Or alternately, create a 'site' configuration file and insert an
assignment statement in there of the form:

AWK=/usr/bin/awk

%init002e
The required configuration script was not found in the listed directory.
The programs can not run without this script.  The '-B' switch can
be used to specify the directory containing the configuration script.

./tiger -B path_to_tiger_home

%init003c
Output when run in `self-test' mode indicating that everything appears
to be OK as far as having all commands and files.
%init004e
The indicated command does not exist or is not executable.  This
indicates a configuration error.
%init005e
The indicated variable, which should contain the pathname to an
input file or work directory does not have a value.  This indicates
that either full support is not available for this platform,
or that there is a configuration error.
%init006e
An input file required for performing a test is not available.  This
indicates that there is a configuration error.
%init007e
A required variable does not have a value.  This indicates either
incomplete support this platform or a configuration error.
%init008e
An attempt was made to run one of the support scripts directly.
These scripts can only be invoked by the top level scripts.
%util001e
The attempt to compile the signature checking program (SNEFRU) failed.
This will prevent the tests of the integrity of system binaries from
being performed.
%util002e
The attempt to compile the program for resolving symbolic links failed.
This will prevent the checks of symbolic links from being performed.
%post001e
The listed file was not deleted because it was not in the scratch
directory.  This indicates an internal error.
%read001i
The indicated file exists, but can not be read.  This usually happens
if you do not run the scripts from an account with super-user privileges.
%run001e
A needed file cannot be read, probably due to insuficient priviledges.
Make sure that Tiger is run by the superuser (root) account.
