%fsys001f
The listed file is a setuid script.  On most UNIX machines, it is not
possible to write a secure setuid script, due to a race condition in
the Operating System.  Even on systems where this is corrected, the
difficulties in writing a truly secure setuid script make them very
undesirable.  The setuid bits should be turned off of this file.

If you must run a script under another id, then perhaps the best
solution is to write a wrapper program in C which creates a safe
environment for the script, then exec()'s it.
%fsys002w
The listed program is a setuid executable, and it appears to contain
relative pathnames (do not start with a '/').  This often represents
a security hole in the program.  These relative pathnames can be caused
by system()* or popen()* calls which do not use full pathnames to the
executable, or, on systems which support dynamic linking, relative
pathnames indicating the directories containing the libraries.  In any
case, these need to be checked.

*Note:  system() and popen() should *never* be used from a program
        which is executing with privileges.
%fsys003c
The database of setuid programs for this platform does not exist, thus
all setuid programs will be listed.  When fully configured for a
platform, only those setuid programs that do not appear in the
distribution will be listed.
%fsys004i
The listed programs are setuid, but are not in the database of
setuid programs which appear in the OS distribution.
%fsys005a
The listed file has an unusual filenames.  These include files with
multiple leading '.', filenames with spaces, etc.  The variable
FS_FILES can be set in the 'tigerrc' file to specify the filename
patterns which are reported.
%fsys006a
The listed files are device files that are located in non-standard
locations.  These should be checked.  The variable FS_DEVDIRS can
be set in the 'tigerrc' file to specify other directories which can
contain device files.
%fsys007i
The indicated file is a symbolic link to a system file which is
related to system security.  In itself, the link is not dangerous,
but you should be aware of its presence, as it can cause unexpected
results with the 'chown' and 'chmod' commands.  On many systems, the
'chown' command does not change the owner of the link itself, but
instead, changes the ownership of the file the link resolves to.
The same type of problem exists for 'chmod' on most systems.  Thus,
the simple act of performing a

    chown -R joeuser /home/joeuser

could potentially change the owner of a system file to 'joeuser'.
%fsys008i
The listed directories are world writable.  These provide a location
for intruders to store files.  They should be checked for unusual
files.
%fsys009w
An FSP server control file has been located.  This indicates that
an FSP server may be running, or have been running, using the
directory containing the listed file as its base.
%fsys010w
The listed file is a setgid script.  On most UNIX machines, it is not
possible to write a secure setgid script, due to a race condition in
the Operating System.  Even on systems where this is corrected, the
difficulties in writing a truly secure setgid script make them very
undesirable.
%fsys011i
The listed programs are setgid, but are not in the database of
setgid programs which appear in the OS distribution.
