%ca9122f
CERT Advisory CA-91:22

The `loadmodule' executable from OpenWindows 3.0 contains a security
vulnerability that can allow a local user to gain root access.

Sun Patch 100448-01 provides a fix for this.
%ca9122w
CERT Advisory CA-91:22

The `loadmodule' executable installed on this machine may contain a
security vulnerability that can allow a local user to gain root
access.  This applies to OpenWindows 3.0.

Sun Patch 100448-01 provides a fix for this.
%ca9122i
The OpenWindows binary `loadmodule' could not be located in order
to check it for vulnerabilities.  If you have OpenWindows 3.0 installed,
then you should set the environment variable OPENWINHOME to point to
the OpenWindows installation directory and rerun the security checking
system.  For example:

setenv OPENWINHOME /usr/local/openwin

./tiger

Other versions of OpenWindows do not exhibit this vulnerability.

See message-id ca9122f for information on the vulnerability.
%misc001w
If the console on a Sun workstation is marked as secured, then it is
possible for someone with physical access to the console to
reboot the machine in single-user mode, thus giving them root
access to the machine.  This can be corrected by editing the
file /etc/ttytab and removing the word 'secure' from the
entry for the console.  By doing this, the root password must
be entered when booting in single-user mode.  Thus, if you forget
the root password, you will have to boot from some other media
in order to get back in.  This will *also* prevent root logins
on the console.  It will be necessary to login as a normal user,
then 'su' to the root account (this is a preferred method as it
provides accountability).

If your system's console is in a physically secure location, then
it is fairly safe to leave this as it is.
%misc002w
If the tty's and pseudo-tty's on a Sun workstation are marked
as secured, then it is possible to login as 'root' on any of
these tty's.  This does not provide any accountability as
to who is using the 'root' account.  This can be corrected by
editing the file /etc/ttytab and removing the word 'secure' from
the tty and pseudo-tty lines.  By doing this, it will not be
possible to login directly as 'root' via telnet, rlogin, or on
a hardwired terminal.  It will be necessary to login as a normal
user, then 'su' to the root account, thereby providing accountability.
%misc003f
Without the /var/yp/securenets file, an NIS server will hand out
its map files to any client that asks.  Since the password file
is one of the maps maintained by the NIS server, anyone on the
Internet is capable of retrieving your password file.  The `securenets'
file allows you to specify networks and hosts which are allowed to
retrieve information from the server.

This requires that Sun Patch ID 100482 be installed.
%misc004w
If the PROM monitor is not in secure mode, then someone with
physical access to the console can enter the PROM monitor and
execute commands which allow them to read and modify memory, boot
alternate OS's etc.  See the 'eeprom' man page for information
on securing the PROM monitor.
%misc005w
The listed security check file from a check.tbl file does not
exist.
%misc006w
The NFS mount daemon is running with port checking disabled.
This means that any user on an authorized client can obtain
a file handle for an exported file-system.  If port checking
is also disabled in the kernel, this file handle can be used
to gain unauthorized access to files, and possibly to gain
unauthorized privileges.  On SunOS 4.x machines, the '-n'
switch is used to disable port checking.  This is the default
when C2 security is not enabled.  Port checking can be enabled
by editing the /etc/rc.local file and removing the '-n' switch
from the rpc.mountd command.

NOTE:  Doing this may break certain older NFS implementations which
do not use a privileged port.  You should verify that any clients
do not have this problem.
%misc007w
The `ypbind' on this machine is running with a `ypset' option (either
-ypset or -ypsetme).  These options can allow an intruder to redirect
NIS lookups to a server set up by them, allowing them to gain privileged
access.  These options should not be used.
%misc008w
The running kernel is not checking to see if the source
port for NFS requests is a privileged port.  If the machine
is not doing NFS serving, this is not a problem.  If it is,
this means that any user on an authorized client that can obtain
a file handle for an exported file-system can gain unauthorized
access to files, and possibly gain unauthorized privileges.
If port checking is also disabled for the NFS mount daemon [misc006w],
this becomes very easy to do.  To enable port checking, the
kernel variable 'nfs_portmon' should be set to a non-zero value.

On SunOS 4.x systems, an 'adb' command exists in the /etc/rc.local
script to set this variable during boot up.  This command is normally
only executed for systems which have enabled Sun's C2 security.
Removing the command from the surrounding 'if' block will enable it
for non-C2 systems.

For SunOS 5.x systems, add the line

set nfs:nfs_portmon = 1

to the /etc/system file and reboot.

NOTE: Enabling NFS port checking may break certain older NFS
implementations which do not use a privileged port.  You should verify
that any clients do not have this problem.
%misc009w
The -hosts option is being used with the automounter.  This may
allow unauthorized access or privileges to be gained.  The -hosts
option allows filesystems to be automounted from any host on
the network.  If the machine is attached to the Internet, any
host on the Internet is a candidate.
%ca9302a
CERT Advisory CA-93:02a

A vulnerability exists in the distributed printing facility of all
releases of NeXTSTEP software though NeXTSTEP 3.0.  The "_writers"
property on the "/printers" and "/fax_modems" should be removed.

See the CERT advisory for more details.
%misc010w
CERT Advisory CA-93:15

CERT Advisory CA-93:16

A serious vulnerability exists in most versions of sendmail
distributed prior to late October, or early November 1993.  This
vulnerability allows remote users to execute arbitrary programs.
The vulnerability affects the final destination host, therefore
firewalled machines are vulnerable.  The CERT advisory CA-93:16
provides three approaches for the problem.  If feasible, the
best approach is to disable the program mailer (Mprog) in the
`sendmail.cf' file.  If not feasible, then a version of sendmail
(such as sendmail 8.6.4 or later from ftp.cs.berkeley.edu) should
be installed.  Vendor provided fixes are

HP-UX 8.x, series 300/400     PHNE_3369

HP-UX 9.x, series 300/400     PHNE_3370

HP-UX 8.x, series 700/800     PHNE_3371

HP-UX 9.x, series 700/800     PHNE_3372 

%misc011w
The local sendmail.cf is using the sendmail restricted shell (smrsh)
for program delivery, but it appears to use a program which allows
the vulnerabilities discussed in `misc010w' to be exploited.
%misc012e
The indicated file could not be read.  This generally indicates that
the check was attempted from a userid with insufficient privileges.
%misc013w
CERT Advisory CA-93:17

The xterm utility contains a vulnerability which allows any file to
be overwritten, or the ownership of the file changed.  Consult vendors
for patches for supported versions of xterm.  MIT Patch 26 for X11R5
contains a patch for the MIT distribution.
%misc014w

The file `/etc/rcS' is executed during the switch to single user
mode (part of booting and shutting down).  If file system checks
fail, then this script will start a root shell on the console.
To force a password to be entered, locate the line that reads

/sbin/sh < /dev/console

and change this to

/sbin/sulogin

This will force the root password to be entered should the
file system checks fail.
%misc015w

The `xload' utility, when built with the standard (unpatched) MIT
X11R5 distribution on systems with dynamic linking, contains a
security vulnerability.  The link step links against libraries
using relative pathnames (../../..).  To correct the problem,
the `xload' utility should be relinked without these pathnames
(the absolute pathname to your X11 libraries should be used).

Another alternative is to disable the `xload' utility by turning
off the setuid and/or setgid bits.
%misc016w

The `ie', `le', and `qe' device files can be used to snoop packets
from the network (ethernet in these cases).  This ability should be
restricted.  The permissions on the listed files should be 0600.  The
Solaris package facility will occasionally reset these permissions to
what they are defined to be in in the /var/sadm/install/contents file.
Therefore, they must be changed there as well.  The file is an ascii
file and can be edited with any editor.
%misc017w

The `ie', `le', and `qe' device files can be used to snoop packets
from the network (ethernet in these cases).  This ability should be
restricted.  The listed device files should be owned by root and only
readable/writable by root in order to restrict access. The Solaris
package facility will occasionally reset the ownership and permissions to
what they are defined to be in in the /var/sadm/install/contents file.
Therefore, they must be changed there as well.  The file is an ascii
file and can be edited with any editor.
%misc017f
The umask settings used in the boot scripts is insecure. 
This means that probably the boot scripts will create files
(if any) with permissions that make them subject to attack. Recommended
permissions are 022 or 022.
%misc018w
There are two umask settings in the boot scripts, this probably means
that only one of them will be valid. Check the appropiate file to
fix this issue.
%misc019w
Tiger was unable to found any umask settings to be used in the boot
scripts. This means that probably the boot scripts will create files
(if any) with vulnerable permissions.
Tiger was unable
%misc020f
Tiger checked the process table and was not able to find a process
which it was configured to look for.
%misc021w
There are no umask entries in the configuration file. It is recommended
that there are umask entries set in the configuration file.
%misc022f
The umask setting in the configuration file is insecure.  Umask must be 
set as to prevent public write (ie. either 002 or 022).
%misc023w
There are more than two umask entries in the configuration file.  Please 
check if the umask settings are secure (to prevent public write, suggested 
values are either 002 or 022).
